README.md, before:

# _Super Galactic Age Calculator_

#### _an application that determines your age on different planets, 6.26.2020_

#### By _**Mariel Hamson **_

## Description

_This application will take user's age on Earth and convert it to ages on different planets according to how long their solar years are. PLUTO WILL BE INCLUDED, FIGHT ME ON THIS!_

| Behavior | Input | Output |  Completed(Y/N?)  | 
| -------- | ----- | ------ | -------- |
|  Return an error when incorrect input is received |  abcd! | " "   | N
|  Return age in years based on year and planet selection |  08.13.1987, Mercury | "136.4 years old on Mercury" | N |
|  Return next birthday for selected planet  | 08.13.1987, Saturn   | "Your next birthday will be July 13th 2046" | N |
|  Returns life expectancy based on date of birth with static life expectancy | 08.13.1987, Jupiter | "Your life expectancy is 8.5 years on Jupiter, enjoy your remaining time!" | N |
| Return number of years lived past expectancy | 08.13.1900, Venus | "You have lived 83 years past the life expectancy calculated" | N



## Planet Details

| Planet |  Solar year length  | Comparison to Earth 
| ------- | ----- | ------ | ------ | ------- |
| Mercury | 88 days | .24 Earth years
| Venus | 225 days | .62 Earth years
| Earth | 365 days | 1 Earth year
| Mars | 686 days | 1.88 Earth years
| Jupiter | 4328 days | 11.86 Earth years
| Saturn | 10,753 days | 29.46 Earth years
| Uranus | 30,664 days | 84 Earth years
| Neptune | 60,148 days | 164 Earth years
| Pluto | 90,735 days | 248 Earth years

## NPM setup (advanced)

* Clone the repository from: github.com/marielhamson/super-galactic-age-calculator
* run npm install
* run npm start to open a developmental server and view the project

## Browser view (no setup required)

* Navigate to marielhamson.github.io/super-galactic-age-calculator

## Known Bugs

_No Known Bugs at this time_

## Support and contact details

_Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns at mariel.hamson@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_HTML, CSS(Bootstrap), Javascript(jQuery)_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Mariel Hamson &_**

Commit message:

change test to return age in earth days, per BDD spec

README.md, after:

# _Super Galactic Age Calculator_

#### _an application that determines your age on different planets, 6.26.2020_

#### By _**Mariel Hamson **_

## Description

_This application will take user's age on Earth and convert it to ages on different planets according to how long their solar years are. PLUTO WILL BE INCLUDED, FIGHT ME ON THIS!_

| Behavior | Input | Output |  Completed(Y/N?)  | 
| -------- | ----- | ------ | -------- |
|  Return an error when incorrect input is received |  abcd! | " "   | Y
|  Return how many days in a solar year when planet is selected| Mercury | "88 days in a year"   | Y
|  Return the equivalent earth years | Mercury | .24 Earth Years | Y
|  Return age in other planet years based on Earth birthday and planet selection |  08.13.1987, Mercury | "136.4 years old on Mercury" | N |
|  Return next birthday for selected planet  | 08.13.1987, Saturn   | "Your next birthday will be July 13th 2046" | N |
|  Returns life expectancy based on date of birth with static life expectancy | 08.13.1987, Jupiter | "Your life expectancy is 8.5 years on Jupiter, enjoy your remaining time!" | N |
| Return number of years lived past expectancy | 08.13.1900, Venus | "You have lived 83 years past the life expectancy calculated" | N



## Planet Details

| Planet |  Solar year length  | Comparison to Earth 
| ------- | ----- | ------ | ------ | ------- |
| Mercury | 88 days | .24 Earth years
| Venus | 225 days | .62 Earth years
| Earth | 365 days | 1 Earth year
| Mars | 686 days | 1.88 Earth years
| Jupiter | 4328 days | 11.86 Earth years
| Saturn | 10,753 days | 29.46 Earth years
| Uranus | 30,664 days | 84 Earth years
| Neptune | 60,148 days | 164 Earth years
| Pluto | 90,735 days | 248 Earth years

## NPM setup (advanced)

* Clone the repository from: github.com/marielhamson/super-galactic-age-calculator
* run npm install
* run npm start to open a developmental server and view the project

## Browser view (no setup required)

* Navigate to marielhamson.github.io/super-galactic-age-calculator

## Known Bugs

_No Known Bugs at this time_

## Support and contact details

_Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns at mariel.hamson@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_HTML, CSS(Bootstrap), Javascript(jQuery)_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Mariel Hamson &_**
